**Privacy Policy**

Eric Sutton built the My Collections app as an Open Source app. This SERVICE is provided by Eric Sutton at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at My Collections unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

For a better experience, while using our Service, I do not require you to provide us with any personally identifiable information. The information that you enter to login will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

**Log Data**

I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, I do not collect any log data.  If you encounter errors within the application, please reach out to me through my developer contact listed at the bottom of this page with details.

**Cookies**

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” in any way.

**Service Providers**

I do not use any third-party providers during operation of this app and no information is shared with said non-existing parties.

**Security**

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

**Links to Other Sites**

This Service does not contain links to other sites. 

**Children’s Privacy**

I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. I encourage all children to never submit any personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services. I encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personally identifiable information to us through the Application and/or Services, please contact us. You must also be at least 16 years of age to consent to the processing of your personally identifiable information in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf).

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2024-02-28

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my application or my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at ericsutton6@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/) with a few additional tweaks by myself.
